---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: 01 October 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

Company (referred to as either 'the Company', 'We', 'Us' or 'Our' in this Agreement) refers to Pixlie Web Solutions Pvt Ltd, 103 Kamalapur East, Dum Dum, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.

Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

Country refers to: West Bengal, India

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Website.

Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

Website refers to Pixlie Web Solutions Pvt Ltd, accessible from https://pixlie.com

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data
If you decide to reach out to us via our contact form on our website, this data is collected:

* Email address
* First name and last name

We will only use this to answer your query. We will not retain or sell this data.

#### Usage Data
The privacy of our website visitors is important to us so we do not track any individual people. As a visitor to the pixlie.com website:

* No personal information is collected
* No information such as cookies is stored in the browser
* No information is shared with, sent to or sold to third-parties
* No information is shared with advertising companies
* No information is mined and harvested for personal and behavioral trends
* No information is monetized

We run the Plausible Analytics script to collect some anonymous usage data for statistical purposes. The goal is to track overall trends in our website traffic, it is not to track individual visitors. All the data is in aggregate only. No personal data is collected.

Data collected includes referral sources, top pages, visit duration, information from the devices (device type, operating system, country and browser) used during the visit and more. 

We do not collect any data for our Desktop app Dwata. 

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data
### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability
* Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the 'Last updated' date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: hello@pixlie.com